I'll kill you!
Wei Chen, how are you?
Gu Beichen died early
Gu Beichen, you are really not a man
Lin Jieyun is a husband and wife between you and me
Do you have to do things so well?
I'm afraid you are better than me
You want to drag our Lin family into the water
Let our Lin family be your scapegoat
Gu Beichen, your heart is more ruthless
I once gave you a chance
It's you who don't cherish it
Now it's all your own fault
brother
Take a step back between us
After you take this matter today
You are still my wife
Otherwise, I don't mind breaking up with you
Do you think I'm still afraid of falling out with you?
Don't you forget.
You are not eligible now
Your house is still in my hands
City Lord's
Gu Beichen, you are so brave
How dare you sell tobacco in a boutique
You see he's drunk